README.md, before:

# File Differ

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/s65xx32188hpocy7?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/madskristensen/filediffer)

Download this extension from the [VS Gallery](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/9b4f1f00-492d-48bc-8857-702332217b67)
or get the [CI build](http://vsixgallery.com/extension/ea5c68d6-cdae-4e79-bd46-2a39e95bb256/).

---------------------------------------

The easiest way to diff two files directly in solution explorer. This extension is inspired by a Visual Studio [feature request](https://developercommunity.visualstudio.com/t/is-there-a-way-to-compare-two-files-from-solution/619706), so please vote for it if you think it should be built in.

## Features

- Compare two files in Solution Explorer
- Compare a file with any other file on disk

### Compare files
Select one or two files in Solution Explorer and
right-click to bring up the context menu.

![Context Menu](art/context-menu.png)

Then select *Compare Files...* to see them side-by-side in the 
diff view.

![Diff View](art/diff-view.png)

If you only selected a single file, a file
selector prompt will show up to let you select
which file on disk to diff against.

## License
[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Added ARM 64 support and added encoding for clipboard [release]

README.md, after:

# File Differ

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/s65xx32188hpocy7?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/madskristensen/filediffer)

Download this extension from the [VS Gallery](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/9b4f1f00-492d-48bc-8857-702332217b67)
or get the [CI build](http://vsixgallery.com/extension/ea5c68d6-cdae-4e79-bd46-2a39e95bb256/).

---------------------------------------

The easiest way to diff two files directly in solution explorer. This extension is inspired by a Visual Studio [feature request](https://developercommunity.visualstudio.com/t/is-there-a-way-to-compare-two-files-from-solution/619706), so please vote for it if you think it should be built in.

## Features

- Compare two files in Solution Explorer
- Compare file with another file on disk
- Compare file with content of clipboard
- Compare file with unmodified version (git)
- Compare file with previous version (git) - *not yet implemented*

### Compare selected files
Select two files in Solution Explorer and right-click to bring up the context menu.

![Context Menu](art/multi-selection.png)

Then select *Selected Files* to see them side-by-side in the diff view.

![Diff View](art/diff-view.png)

### Compare with a file on disk
If you only selected a single file, a file selector prompt will show up to let you select which file on disk to diff against.

![Context Menu](art/single-selection.png)

### Compare with clipboard
If there is text content on the clipboard, you can compare a file with it by selecting *Clipboard* from the context menu.

## License
[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)
